README.md, before:

![Argüman.org](http://arguman.org/static/img/logo.png)
----
[Arguman.org](http://arguman.org) is an argument analysis and [mapping](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_map) platform.

## How it works

Users assert contentions to be discussed, supported, proved, or disproved, and argue with premises using because, but, or however conjunctions.

![image](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/182906/10586355/674acef0-76a4-11e5-9902-3dd7184cb0b3.png)

## Benefits

Critical thinking is the intellectually-disciplined process of actively and skillfully conceptualizing, applying, analyzing, synthesizing, and/or evaluating information gathered from, or generated by, observation, experience, reflection, reasoning, or communication as a guide to belief and action. In its exemplary form, it is based on universal intellectual values that transcend subject matter divisions: clarity, accuracy, precision, consistency, relevance, sound evidence, good reasons, depth, breadth, and fairness.

Basis of critical thinking is arguments. Assessment is done over argument, argument premises, promotives, and corruptives.

You can think of argument mappings as visual hierarchy mappings.

Arguman.org’s aim is to map arguments successfully through the efforts of many users.

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/99/Whatley.png/800px-Whatley.png)

## Who are we

arguman.org is an open source project which is developed by the community. If you want to contribute technically or intellectually please don’t hesitate.

## Contributors

- Fatih Erikli
- Tuna Vargı
- Huseyin Mert
- Erdem Ozkol
- Aybars Badur
- Can Göktaş
- Bahattin Çiniç
- Murat Çorlu
- Cumhur Korkut
- Serdar Dalgıç
- Emir Karşıyakalı
- Ali Barın
- Halil Kaya
- A. Liva Cengiz
- Çağlar Bozkurt

## Additional Thanks To

- Burak Arıkan
- Kadir Akkara Yardımcı

## Subreddit
<https://www.reddit.com/r/arguman>

Commit message:

update readme for docker and docker compose

README.md, after:

![Argüman.org](http://arguman.org/static/img/logo.png)
----
[Arguman.org](http://arguman.org) is an argument analysis and [mapping](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_map) platform.

## How it works

Users assert contentions to be discussed, supported, proved, or disproved, and argue with premises using because, but, or however conjunctions.

![image](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/182906/10586355/674acef0-76a4-11e5-9902-3dd7184cb0b3.png)

## Benefits

Critical thinking is the intellectually-disciplined process of actively and skillfully conceptualizing, applying, analyzing, synthesizing, and/or evaluating information gathered from, or generated by, observation, experience, reflection, reasoning, or communication as a guide to belief and action. In its exemplary form, it is based on universal intellectual values that transcend subject matter divisions: clarity, accuracy, precision, consistency, relevance, sound evidence, good reasons, depth, breadth, and fairness.

Basis of critical thinking is arguments. Assessment is done over argument, argument premises, promotives, and corruptives.

You can think of argument mappings as visual hierarchy mappings.

Arguman.org’s aim is to map arguments successfully through the efforts of many users.

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/99/Whatley.png/800px-Whatley.png)

## Who are we

arguman.org is an open source project which is developed by the community. If you want to contribute technically or intellectually please don’t hesitate.


## Run arguman on your local

- Fetch repository by `git clone git@github.com:arguman/arguman.org.git`
- Make sure you have [docker](http://docker.io) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) installed and working
- create `settings_local.py` from `settings_local.py.ex` under `main` folder
- if you are using docker-machine or running docker on vagrant make sure you set proper addresses on `settings_local.py`
- run `docker-compose up` under main project directory where `docker-compose.yml` is



## Contributors

- Fatih Erikli
- Tuna Vargı
- Huseyin Mert
- Erdem Ozkol
- Aybars Badur
- Can Göktaş
- Bahattin Çiniç
- Murat Çorlu
- Cumhur Korkut
- Serdar Dalgıç
- Emir Karşıyakalı
- Ali Barın
- Halil Kaya
- A. Liva Cengiz
- Çağlar Bozkurt

## Additional Thanks To

- Burak Arıkan
- Kadir Akkara Yardımcı

## Subreddit
<https://www.reddit.com/r/arguman>
