docs/installation.md, before:

Proje Kurulumu
==================

Gereksinimler

1. Python 2.7x
2. MongoDB
3. Redis

## Linux için PIP ve Virtual Environment kurulumu

    sudo apt-get install python-pip python-dev build-essential
    sudo apt-get install python-pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade virtualenv

## MacOSX için PIP ve Virtual Environment kurulumu

MacOSX için `Homrbrew` ve `XCode command line tools` un kurulu olmasi gerekiyor.

HomeBrew kurulu değilse şu sekilde kurabilirsiniz.

    ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"

XCode command line tools kurulu değilse şu şekilde kurabilirsiniz.

    xcode-select --install
    
Kurulumun geri kalanı için

    sudo easy_install pip
    sudo apt-get install python-pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade virtualenv

Virtual Environment Oluşturmak

    virtualenv argumanorg
    source argumanorg/bin/active

Projeyi klonlamak ve gereksinimlerini kurmak

    git clone git@github.com:arguman/arguman.org.git
    pip install -r arguman/requirements.pip

MongoDB yi çalıştırmak (http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/installation/)
    
    mongod

MacOSX icin Redisi Kurmak

    brew install redis-server

Linux icin Redisi Kurmak (Son versiyon icin https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-redis)

    sudo apt-get install redis-server

Redisi Calistirmak

    redis-server

Projeyi Çalıştırmak
    
    python manage.py migrate
    python manage.pr runserver

Commit message:

Update English version of installation fix #214

docs/installation.md, after:

Installiation
==================

Requirements

1. Python 2.7x
2. MongoDB
3. Redis

## For Linux, PIP an Virtual Environment Setup

    sudo apt-get install python-pip python-dev build-essential
    sudo apt-get install python-pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade virtualenv

## For MacOSX, PIP and Virtual Environment Setup

For MacOSX users, `Homrbrew` and `XCode command line tools` are needed.

HomeBrew setup:

    ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"

XCode command line tools setup:

    xcode-select --install
    
And Then:

    sudo easy_install pip
    sudo apt-get install python-pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade pip
    sudo pip install --upgrade virtualenv

For Virtual Environment:

    virtualenv argumanorg
    source argumanorg/bin/active

And you need to clone project and install requirements

    git clone git@github.com:arguman/arguman.org.git
    pip install -r arguman/requirements.pip

Start MongoDB (http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/installation/)
    
    mongod

For MacOSX, setup Redis

    brew install redis-server

For Linux setup Redis (For latest version of Redis https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-redis)

    sudo apt-get install redis-server

Start Redis:

    redis-server

Start the application of arguman:
    
    python manage.py migrate
    python manage.pr runserver


The End
:tada:
